                                                                The Greedy Dog
There was a dog that was very hungry. He searched for food everywhere and at last he found a bone. He picked the bone with his mouth and started going back to his home. There was a bridge on the way to his home.

When he started crossing it he saw his reflection in the water. The dog thought that there was another dog with a bone in water. He wanted to get that other bone too.

So he started barking at his own reflection. His bone fell in water as soon as he opened his mouth. The greedy dog lost his bone.

Moral of the Story: Don’t be greedy.

                                                                 The Brook
"When I was at primary school everyone used to learn Tennyson's poem The Brook. The first line is 'I come from haunts of coot and hern'.  I read the poem with my group last week and only then did I realise that hern  meant heron - never having bothered to think about it before.  We had a really good session and if you have not already used it I  can thoroughly recommend the poem especially for groups of elderly readers."

Here's the poem to enjoy in full:

The Brook

I come  from haunts of coot and hern,
I make a sudden sally,
And sparkle out among the fern,
To bicker down a valley.

By thirty hills I hurry down,
Or slip between the ridges,
By twenty thorps, a little town,
And half a hundred bridges.

Till last by Philip's farm I flow
To join the brimming river,
For men may come and men may go,
But I go on forever.

I chatter over stony ways,
In little sharps and trebles,
I bubble into eddying bays,
I babble on the pebbles.

With many a curve my banks I fret
by many a field and fallow,
And many a fairy foreland set
With willow-weed and mallow.

I chatter, chatter, as I flow
To join the brimming river,
For men may come and men may go,
But I go on forever.

I wind about, and in and out,
with here a blossom sailing,
And here and there a lusty trout,
And here and there a grayling,

And here and there a foamy flake
Upon me, as I travel
With many a silver water-break
Above the golden gravel,

And draw them all along, and flow
To join the brimming river,
For men may come and men may go,
But I go on forever.

I steal by lawns and grassy plots,
I slide by hazel covers;
I move the sweet forget-me-nots
That grow for happy lovers.

I slip, I slide, I gloom, I glance,
Among my skimming swallows;
I make the netted sunbeam dance
Against my sandy shallows.

I murmur under moon and stars
In brambly wildernesses;
I linger by my shingly bars;
I loiter round my cresses;

And out again I curve and flow
To join the brimming river,
For men may come and men may go,
But I go on forever.

Alfred, Lord Tennyson
